Refine tiflash docs to remove deprecated description (#19913)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-overview.md

Currently, data cannot be written directly into TiFlash. You need to write data in TiKV and then replicate it to TiFlash, because it connects to the TiDB cluster as a Learner role. TiFlash supports data replication in the unit of table, but no data is replicated by default after deployment. To replicate data of a specified table, see [Create TiFlash replicas for tables](/tiflash/create-tiflash-replicas.md#create-tiflash-replicas-for-tables).

TiFlash consists of two main components: the columnar storage component, and the TiFlash proxy component. The TiFlash proxy component is responsible for the communication using the Multi-Raft consensus algorithm.

> After receiving a DDL command to create replicas for a table in TiFlash, TiDB automatically creates the corresponding [placement rules](/configure-placement-rules.md) in PD, and then PD performs the corresponding data scheduling based on these rules.

Author: ```suggestion
After receiving a DDL command to create replicas for a table in TiFlash, TiDB automatically creates the corresponding [placement rules](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/configure-placement-rules) in PD, and then PD performs the corresponding data scheduling based on these rules.
```
